overhaul project Readme (#13338)
SeleniumHQ/selenium: README.md

Selenium's source code is made available under the [Apache 2.0 license](https://github.com/SeleniumHQ/selenium/blob/trunk/LICENSE).

This README is for developers interested in contributing to the project.
For people looking to get started using Selenium, please check out
our [User Manual](https://selenium.dev/documentation/) for detailed examples and descriptions, and if you
get stuck, there are several ways to [Get Help](https://www.selenium.dev/support/).

## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/SeleniumHQ/selenium/blob/trunk/CONTRIBUTING.md)
before submitting your pull requests.

## Installing

> These are the requirements to cereate your own local dev environment to contribute to Selenium.

Reviewer: typo cereate --> create

4. Install the latest version of [Visual Studio Community](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/vs/community/)
    * Use the visual studio installer to modify and add the "Desktop development with C++" Workload
    * Add Visual C++ build tools installation directory location to `BAZEL_VC` environment variable (e.g. `"C:\Program Files\Microsoft Visual Studio\2022\Community\VC"`)
    * Add Visual C++ Build tools version to `BAZEL_VC_FULL_VERSION` environment variable (this can be discovered from the directory name in `"$BAZEL_VC\Tools\MSVC\<BAZEL_VC_FULL_VERSION>"`)
5. Add support for long file names (bazel has a lot of nested directories that can exceed default limits in Windows)
    * Enable Long Paths support with these 2 registry commands:
    ```shell
    reg add "HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Command Processor" /t REG_DWORD /f /v "DisableUNCCheck" /d "1"
    reg add "HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet\Control\FileSystem" /t REG_DWORD /f /v "LongPathsEnabled" /d "1"
    ```
    * Allow Bazel to create short name versions of long file paths: `fsutil 8dot3name set 0`

>     * Set bazel output to `C:/tmp` instead of nested inside project directory:

Reviewer 2: Should we just commit this to the repo?

Author: Can we have a conditional toggle based on whether the user is on windows? How do we know they have access to their `C:\` drive even if on Windows?

Reviewer 2: Right, we cannot use conditionals on startup options, so disregard.

* [Python](https://seleniumhq.github.io/selenium/docs/api/py/)
* [Ruby](https://seleniumhq.github.io/selenium/docs/api/rb/)

To update API documentation for a specific language: `./generate_api_docs.sh <language>`

To update all documentation: `./generate_api_docs.sh all`

Note that JavaScript generation is [currently broken](https://github.com/SeleniumHQ/selenium/issues/10185).

## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/SeleniumHQ/selenium/blob/trunk/CONTRIBUTING.md)
before submitting your pull requests.

## Installing

This will walk you through creating your own local dev environment to help contribute to Selenium project.
If you are looking at getting started using selenium check out our [Getting Started Guide](https://www.selenium.dev/documentation/webdriver/getting_started/).

### All Platforms
* [Bazelisk](https://github.com/bazelbuild/bazelisk), a Bazel wrapper that automatically downloads
  the version of Bazel specified in `.bazelversion` file and transparently passes through all
  command-line arguments to the real Bazel binary.
* Java JDK version 17 or greater (e.g., [Java 17 Temurin](https://adoptium.net/temurin/releases/?version=17))

>   * Set `JAVA_HOME` environment variable to location of javac.exe

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  * Set `JAVA_HOME` environment variable to location of the Java binary
```

  * To test this, try running the command `javac`. This command won't exist if you only have the JRE
  installed. If you're met with a list of command-line options, you're referencing the JDK properly.

### MacOS
  * Xcode including the command-line tools. Install the latest version using: `xcode-select --install`
  * Rosetta for Apple Silicon Macs. Add `build --host_platform=//:rosetta` to the `.bazelrc.local` file. We are working
  to make sure this isn't required in the long run.

### Windows

> Several years ago Jim Evans published a great article on

Reviewer 3: Linking his Twitter or LinkedIn profile would be nice.
